I were the only two people interested
this year yeah kidding that's why I was
made the club president and me true is
the best treasure we've ever had can't
argue with that do you guys come up here
and do this a lot I do but this is the
first time Nietzsche ruse been to a
meeting I sincerely hope that I haven't
inconvenienced you by asking you to be a
part of our meeting tonight I'm very
glad to hear that I wanted the three of
us to have the opportunity to observe
the stars in the night sky together I
especially wanted to have you here
because nature who seems to enjoy your
company I am NOT getting that vibe at
all it's true I figured that you
probably wouldn't believe it but
honestly you're the only thing she ever
talks about anymore when the two of us
are alone it's happened so suddenly but
I really think that me to rue has come
to love you she sure has a funny way of
showing it maybe it's just that it's
more obvious to me maybe the reason I
can see it so clearly is because she's
my other half other half I guess I
should explain that I call her that
because we spend so much time together
almost every minute of my free time
sweet what about You mr. Cooney sake
what do you mean you've been traveling
around the country all by yourself for a
long time haven't you but have you ever
found yourself content to stay in just
one place like this have you experienced
the happiness of sharing your time with
somebody you love the joy of living
entirely for somebody else's sake now
that you mention it I'm sure that I have
but it was so long ago I almost forgot
okay see you tomorrow thank you for
taking the trouble to walk me home I
know it's a little bit out of your way
yeah don't mention it you know you're
pretty tall you say that like you're
disappointed don't you like tall girl oh
no don't get me wrong I like tall girls
just fine hmm I hope this doesn't sound
conceited but to tell you the truth I am
rather proud of it you are very much so
when I was younger I used to wish I'd be
tall because the taller you are the
closer you are to the sky I really
appreciate your walking me home tonight
and don't mention it please be careful
on your way home mr. Cooney sake sure
welcome home who is that out there with
you he's just the newest member of our
schools astronomy club that's I am oh
yes I remember you I'd like to thank you
again for the other day at the market
huh didn't I tell you how I helped her
carry some huge bags of rice to a car it
was very kind of you and it's very kind
of you to make sure my daughter got home
safely now it's getting late so come on
inside meet you
it says something wrong meet you dinner
is ready you don't want it to get cold
do you
hey Tona by mr. Cooley sake hey come
home mzuzu I'm coming in hey wake up
you'll catch cold oh hey yukito how are
you doing this morning it isn't morning
yet so how come you didn't tell me you
were gonna have to stay late at school
today oh I'm sorry I guess I forgot it's
okay hey are you keeping a picture diary
mm-hmm it was one of our summer
assignment options
hey what'd you turn that off for just
getting good I want to play cards with
you yeah no man you just never give up
do you well come on yukito I just want
you to play cards yeah really really
really you're gonna take no for you nope
I sure won't yeah fine just stop looking
at me like that oh good so what do you
want to play old maid I don't care what
game we play as long as it's easy and
mindless all right then how about we
play concentration there's something
wrong no it's nothing I'm sorry misuzu
there's no need to cry
what's going on mrs. you are you sick or
something what's the matter hey get
ahold of yourself mr. Zhu hold the
sudden she's okay I know did you mind
leaving us alone for just a minute miss
Susan's just settle down hear me
she's had these episodes ever since she
was a little girl whenever she starts
making a friend that seems to be when it
happens when she's making a friend I
took her to a clinic to see if they
could help and they sent us to a big
Hospital but it didn't make any
difference all the doctors have told us
is that it's just in her head and it's a
face she'll grow out of eventually I
didn't want to tell you this before that
she had another episode at school
earlier today and it was so bad they
took her out of class and called me at
work to see if I'd come and take her
home Shane I guess it was pretty foolish
of me to think that it would be
different with you for some reason kinda
ironic that she'd be at her healthiest
when she's stuck with me
so what you're not gonna stay with us
anymore Misuzu gets these attacks
because I'm here right I'll keep my
distance for a while suit yourself could
you let her know that yeah let her know
i'll still keep walking her to and from
school every day have dinner with us to
every now and then